# Myself
The purpose of our lives is to be happy
“if there’s a book you want to read, but it hasn’t been written yet,then you must write it”.
I was born when people were celebrating the victory of the forces of good over Evil i.e an early morning of Dussehra during October .Though i was born in Vijayawada i was fully brought up in Chennai . As a child i was very naughty and talkative one .I had a great childhood around my big family with all my cousins.
“If you don’t stick to your values when they are being tested,they’re not values:they’re hobbies.”
I trust in helping had though i was three i love to share my belongings with people around me . This eventually brings a smile in my face which never fades. I’m an alumni of D.A.V group of school. I spent my 12 years of my life in there. Those were memorable days of my life . Favourite part is the short or long trips we use to go with our friends.As everyone says Memories are timeless treasure of the Heart the same way i remember all the days i spent in my school.
Everyone has a turning point in their life same way entering into velammal was a game changer in my life. Till then i lived my life with freedom suddenly i had to follow alot of rules . Still life became better due to friend . Velammal thought me the real motive of the life.After my 12th i got into a crash course for Neet . They conduct the crash course in a government school .There i had first and exciting experience of bunking my class. those were great.
“Raise above the storm and you will find the sunshine”.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small manageable tasks and then starting on the first one. Everyone have their own expectation on there college so do i but soon i came to conclusion that expectation leads to depression . I was joined in Panimalar college in computer science and engineering , a college with rule book. There was many restrictions , life became hell. Each part of the universe have starts the same way every story has a Savior the same way i have my friends. We meet each other unexpectedly like destiny got us together . We were not classmate but we were busmates . My day started with them and ended with them. I waited the whole day just to go back to the bus and have fun. We always got caught for making noise in our bus still we keep going.Live became better with them .We tagged ourself as “area pullingo”. We love to explore different restaurant in world.
Image for post
“we will stay together till the sky stays with the earth”.
I strongly believe in “if you dream it ,you can do it”.
I never dreamt of getting such friends but i did . I never thought of getting into a computer science course after having a background of biology but i did so . I feel life have better things for me .All i have to do is believe . work hard . Never loose hope. NEVER THINK ABOUT THE FUTURE JUST MAKE YOUR PRESENT PERFECT.
